Add slogan, code of conduct, and translations of community pages (#17)
taichi-dev/taichi.graphics: website/community/code_of_conduct.md

# Code of conduct

### Be pragmatic
Practically solving problems is the ultimate goal of our development. Simple, readable, and maintainable solutions are often optimal.

### Keep focused
Quality > quantity. Exhibit attention to detail. Behave professionally. Finish what you started.

### Show empathy

> Be considerate of others. Cherish community resources: polish well before raising pull/review requests.

Reviewer: I feel like the imperative mood here sounds a bit... demanding. How about we explain the rationale here:

"Because most community members are not full-time Taichi developers, please think of reviewing as a limited resource and use it wisely. The more polished your PR is, the sooner it can get reviewed."

Clearly, it breaks the conciseness...

Author: I strongly agree - I do feel this sentence is aggressive and demanding when I re-read it now... I guess conciseness is not as important as being persuasive. Adding an explanation seems to be the Eastern way to communicate.

The goal of this code is to ask people *not to be demanding*. So clearly we should avoid any demanding expressions here - otherwise, we go self-contradictive! :-)

I'll include your explanation in the upcoming commit! 

Thanks for pointing this out!

### Stay humble

> Think about what you can learn from everyone. Communicate politely and constructively. Treat community members with dignity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Think about what you can learn from everyone. Communicate politely and constructively. Please help us construct a respectful and blame-free community.
```

Also, maybe just remove the "learn from everyone" bit?

Reviewer 2: how about "inclusive" in addition to blame-free?
